when are people gonna learn drinking and
driving it just doesn't fucking work hey
what's up hey what's up a man has been
charged with drinking and driving after
he crashed into a cop cruiser from what
I understand this guy basically was
drinking and driving and this cop must
have parked his car on the side of the
road or something and gone to like I
don't know some sort of donut shop and
this drunk driver must have come up and
crashed into a parked car and just kind
of started pushing it into another
parked car because the police officer
heard scraping metal and crashing and he
looked outside and the drunk driver was
pushing two cars like a little car train
and he pushed the two cars right into
the cob cruiser so this guy muscle like
fucking fallen asleep and just swerved
off into cars maybe he subconsciously
just wanted to be cut he was like oh
there's a cop I'm just gonna take a nap
here huh even when the cop came up to
try and arrest this drunk driver he was
all like now wow I'm not going to jail
five more minutes bitch ha I'm just
taken alone there it's kind of sad that
the world hasn't figured this out yet
the drinking and driving just doesn't
fucking work you go out wasted and try
to drive you're basically going out
trying to murder someone sure you're not
going up and stabbing him but you're
throwing your fucking car at them I want
to know what the conversation was like
between the police officer and this
drunk guy when he was trying to arrest
it was probably just like sir you're
gonna need to step out of the vehicle
Sarah sleeping in the cubicle no I
wasn't I wasn't asleep i just i wanna
want a taco sir please step out of the
vehicle you were clearly drinking into
AA did oh your face smells like puke
so I want to know what's the worst thing
you've ever puked on the words puke I
ever did was when I was really drunk at
my friend's house and I was in his
bathroom and I don't even remember this
this is how drunk i was i was told about
this the next day but i was in his
bathroom and I was like over top of his
toilet and then I just went Bryan puked
all over his wall into the garbage so
what's the worst thing you've ever puked
on or what's your worst puke story leave
a comment or a video response and let me
know thumbs up this video or I'll puke
on you